# Roblox-hack
 14,412,680 views•23 Jan 2015  69K  10K  SHARE  SAVE   Dr. Phil 5.85M subscribers Dr. Phil tells compelling stories about real people. The Dr. Phil Show is an American daytime talk show and TV series with host and personality Dr. Phil McGraw, who offers advice from his experience as a psychologist. The show provides the most comprehensive forum on mental health issues in the history of television. For over a decade, Dr. McGraw has used the show's platform to make psychology accessible to the general public by addressing important personal and social issues. Here on the Dr. Phil YouTube channel, you will find the best moments, highlights, and segments from the TV show. We upload new videos every day, so make sure you subscribe and ring the bell for all notifications, so you don't miss a single one.  Full episodes of the Dr. Phil Show premiere every weekday on CBS, with a new season premiering every fall in 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023. Each full episode contains an interview or multiple interviews with doctors, teens, families, parents, kids, and more. The executive producers are Phil McGraw and showrunner Oprah Winfrey of OWN. Dr. Phil is the top-rated daytime talk show attracting millions of viewers every day alongside other talk shows, including The Ellen Show with Ellen DeGeneres, The Dr. Oz Show, The Kelly Clarkson Show, and The Steve Wilkos Show. Dr. Phil makes regular appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Kimmel Live, and The Late Late Show with James Corden. Dr. Phil has also done crossovers with 90 Day Fiancé and Inside Edition.  Do you want to be on the show? https://bit.ly/BeOnDrPhilShow ​  https://www.drphil.com ​ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/drphilshow ​ Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/drphil ​ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/drphil ​ TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@drphil ​  #DrPhil​ #PhilMcGraw​ #DrPhilShow​ 60 Comments Default profile photo Add a public comment... Dr. Phil Pinned by Dr. Phil Dr. Phil 4 weeks ago Subscribe and ring the bell for notifications! 🔔  11  redxpvp redxpvp 1 week ago (edited) The father was upset but he didn't want to get super Saiyan in front a crowd  36  Enigma Enigma 5 days ago phrase it however you want. she has a price and anyone can own her. simple. respect? integrity? that poor father looked like he lost his baby girl and has to deal with the fact that this is his new daughter.... cracks me up  7  reece ribbonaar reece ribbonaar 1 week ago (edited) This is evil world we live in. Don't let your children get influenced by garbage. This is Shameful  11  Azhan Ali Azhan Ali 1 week ago Its a matter of opinion dont use the century where in as a way out dont forget without your father and mother you wouldnt be here give the respect they deserve  6  Lionel B Lionel B 2 weeks ago I’d feel like a failure as a man if I had to pay for it 🤮🤮🤮 damn girls gonna have a wizards sleeve  12  Rachel Elle Rachel Elle 1 week ago I think it’s shady and weird.  3  Francisco Gonzalez Francisco Gonzalez 1 week ago Damn wtf  2  trinity watson trinity watson 2 weeks ago i mean i honestly don’t have a problem w it or see anything wrong. they are consenting adults &amp; not breaking any laws so 🤷‍♀️ who am i to judge  14  Jules Falcone Jules Falcone 2 weeks ago (edited) Did Sergio consider pulling a Frank Vincent in Jungle Fever?  1  zwe myat zwe myat 4 weeks ago Hmmmmm that why  3  Sylus Salgado Sylus Salgado 1 week ago No disrespect to her, but she looks like Dakota Kai from NXT  3  Emmanuela Zizhou Emmanuela Zizhou 4 weeks ago Stranger things  4  Nick Coppard Nick Coppard 2 weeks ago I would give her one           or two       then lose interest   Aaliyah Johnson Aaliyah Johnson 4 days ago Yeaa mmmh what’s the website?   Truth Seeker Truth Seeker 1 week ago New Era of dating? She has no self-esteem and thinks “things” are the purpose of life. Sad, loveless, cold, and emotionally dead. We are loosing any sense of being a civilized society.  4  Linda Douglass Linda Douglass 2 weeks ago She is playing with fire. Doesn't have a clue.  Possibly she hasn't had a problem yet, but perhaps she has just been lucky.  6  Gothus Touchstone Singularity Gothus Touchstone Singularity 3 weeks ago She's kinda cute...  10  Rafael P Thanos 809 Rafael P Thanos 809 1 week ago Lmfaoooooo gold diggas n waste of human, 🤦  2  Kayla Rodgers Kayla Rodgers 6 years ago only thing i would be worry about is what if i get drugged or what of the guy walks to my car and kills me then drags my body somewhere.  11  Ted Holly Ted Holly 1 week ago Disown her can’t help those who don’t want to help themselves no matter how much you love them I learned that in a past marriage and now divorced!  4  MG Music MG Music 5 days ago Just get a job!!!!   Wendy Johnson Wendy Johnson 3 weeks ago Dont see anything wrong with this, its 2 consenting adults  31  HybridMusa HybridMusa 1 week ago Every one has a price  4  J P J P 2 weeks ago This is why I don't want daughters. Jesus.  6  markyboi79 markyboi79 1 week ago Good on her!  If men are stupid enough to spend their money on her, more power to her I say!  2  Jenny Larsson Jenny Larsson 3 weeks ago It's so f*cking cringey how women expects men to always pay for dinner like why??? You could pay too what's the problem?  21  Jules Falcone Jules Falcone 2 weeks ago This is horrible. What's the name and of that website?  13  Samantha Smith Samantha Smith 2 weeks ago I agree with her. I mean I don’t really agree with what she’s doing but at the end of the day no matter what anyone says we live in a world where we are free to do whatever we want. I know that can be debated but you know what I mean. She’s not hurting anyone or getting hurt. Maybe she’s getting emotionally hurt but she’s not lying to anyone. Their spending money on her cause they want to not because a gun is to their head  6
